i kind of like to call them life-ending
thoughts rather than suicidal thoughts
because that word
in itself just feels so heavy um and
a lot of people that i know have also
struggled with life-ending thoughts at
some point
in their existence and at varying
degrees of course like i'd rather die
than go to work today
or it's rooted in something much deeper
than that and a lot of times when it is
you know
something much deeper that's causing the
thought
people feel so ashamed and feel so
scared and so
like they're wrong and gross and and bad
for having these thoughts
when in reality they're just a result of
some
experience and that's how your body and
mind is needing to cope in the moment
i had been seeing a therapist for about
three weeks when she
recommended to my mother that she take
me straight to the hospital
because she didn't think that i would be
safe and she thought that i would hurt
myself if i
wasn't under supervision if i was if i
was alone
and she was absolutely right i was not
um
in a stable state of mind i was cutting
myself a lot at that point there was not
one portion of my wrist that wasn't
covered in scars
or blood or cuts it was just really
intense and
i had definitely been making plans in my
head of killing myself and how i would
do it and that's when it gets
really serious when you've started
plotting out your death that's when they
really
take it very seriously and try to get
you help because
then the only next step is to pursue
those plans
and this is kind of where i hit rock
bottom which one of my
biggest pieces of advice is for everyone
to hit rock bottom
as soon as possible i met my
ex-boyfriend
who him and i met under a treat i was
literally meditating in mccarran park
we did really similar work and we're
both in the wellness space
and went to thailand bali and japan and
i went on my first
yoga teacher training during this time
and falling in love with him was
another one of those like kind of
pitfall pitfalls on my journey
so i started self-harming again which is
something that
i did in high school and middle school
it was really intense i remember him
being really confused about why it was
happening
and me just like crying a lot and
overreacting about little situations
and thinking he was mad at me all the
time because i have never had like
decent relationships with men so it was
so confronting to have a man who was
just so kind to me and just so open to
hearing me talk and constantly holding
space for me i was like
i just i just literally don't know what
to do like i don't
can i feel safe like is this okay and i
remember i went to his family's house
for thanksgiving right before we flew
out to thailand and but i drank that
night
and i felt so uncomfortable also because
i was healing my relationship to my
family
i self-harmed really bad that night
because i was drunk i got in the shower
and
it was not good and i just passed out
kind of drunkenly
and my wrist was bleeding and he came
into the room and saw and he was just so
terrified and i i'm like
definitely tell someone if you are
having life-ending thoughts now or if
you feel out of control
of the thoughts in your mind i have
learned to accept them
and talk about them openly and not be
ashamed of them because i know
that there was a part of me that was
hurt and started resorting to
life-ending thoughts as a way to cope
because it made me feel momentarily
safe like i could escape from them and
i fully recognize that and i'm like okay
i see why those are there
but i'm not going to indulge those
thoughts anymore
i tried to end my life several times
nearly like every single week i
overdosed on xanax
every single week i overdosed on xanax
and when i finally realized i had to be
real with myself was when i had tried to
end
my life one night it didn't work the
next morning
i didn't realize that i was opening the
retail shop that i worked at
and i got charged a 600 fine for not
opening it and
i was like [ __ ] like i'm now not only
letting myself down but i'm letting
other people down and i literally just
tried to end my life
and now i'm just gonna clock into work
like nothing happened like
i cannot keep living like this and it
was from that point that
i cancelled my student loans before they
fully went through i dropped out of
college i
lived on my mom's floor she had just
moved to la and didn't have any
furniture
i lived on the floor with her working at
zara full time
an argument by analogy if you've been
watching my channel for some time
you'll remember that i crossed swords
with a video game
champion named cheese
why did i reach out to this guy and
interact with him
not because he's a video game champion
but because he is a video game champion
who had expressed
ambivalence about the meaninglessness of
his life
he had reflected on camera on youtube
and during live streams
that he thought he was to some extent or
in many ways really
wasting his life and wasting his
potential playing the same video game
again and again again
he saw my video he made a response and
he dramatically
closed his response by pondering aloud
on what it would mean ultimately
to lead a more meaningful life
so he was somebody who had reached the
point of questioning
the meaninglessness of his own life
but what did he in fact do
he stopped playing one video game and he
started playing
another he had become famous enough
and skilled enough at playing this one
video game again and again and again it
was one of the mario brothers video
games
that he was having tens of thousands and
hundreds of thousands of
viewers show up to watch him play he
actually had an income
he had some degree of money coming in
from this habit
and when he switched to another video
game in another genre
his audience disappeared now he has just
2 000 people
showing up and i'm in a position to say
from experience
2 000 viewers doesn't pay the bills
right he switched from
one meaningless life to
another right
if you have five 10 15 friends in life
you will have
known people who similarly
come to the point of realizing they have
to negate
something that's wrong in their lives
but they seem to lack
the intelligence or the initiative to
really think through
what would be right in the strange
career of hitomi mochizuki
over six years now we have seen her
in the same way struggling to negate
all of the things wrong with her life
she makes one dramatic
video after another announcing that
she's turned a corner that she's come to
a profound new realization
and looking back on how suicidal she was
in the recent past
right up until making this video but now
everything was going to be different
and you can go ahead two years and find
another one of those same videos where
she's reflecting on how suicidal she was
how depressed she was but now she's come
to this new realization
so on and so forth it's very easy
to justify running down any given
corridor it's very easy to justify
running off a bridge even to your doom
if all you're thinking about is what it
is you're running
away from you're not thinking about what
it is
you're running toward
to some extent i sympathize
the problem is i only sympathize with
hitomi mochizuki's struggle
when it is in this way stated negatively
when she's talking about her sorrow and
her struggle to get away from it
as soon as we switch to the positive
frame of reference
as soon as we talk about what she is
doing what she does believe in
what she is doing with like what she
thinks a meaningful life might
be what it is she thinks is better than
focusing on fancy cars and fancy clothes
it may be that for her it seems like a
profound
new insight when she reached that point
of realization
that owning fancy clothes would not make
her happy
sadly what she replaced owning fancy
clothes with
is just as terrible just as despicable
or even worse
in the same way that i look at a guy
like cheese
who reached the point of questioning why
he was spending his life playing this
one video game
super mario over and over and over again
but he ended up
replacing it with another video game
habit
just as bad or in fact even
worse there are just so many things that
i think we all take for granted that
make life so beautiful because
all we're focusing on is clothes and
cars and money
and [ __ ] that doesn't [ __ ] matter so
i'm sorry i'm cursing a lot lately when
i'm passionate i curse but
yeah i just i just want everyone to
adopt this idea of oneness oneness with
themselves with this earth with each
other
and i think that'll really help and
comparison help and need and greed
and everything like that just just
find oneness with yourself
hitomi mochizuki is preaching a form
of religiosity that is bad and evil
and wrong and it destroys people's lives
i think all of you in the audience would
think that she should be
a target for criticism if she were
a white man wearing a suit and tie
i have a playlist of videos on this
channel stop
treating women like infants i think we
really have a moral responsibility
to criticize donald trump's daughter
the same way we would criticize donald
trump's son or donald trump himself
these are all political figures they all
need to be cross-examined this way
i think the type of religious influence
hitomi mojizuki has over her audience in
the tens of thousands and indeed in the
hundreds of thousands
is really something dangerous bad and
evil and wrong
that deserves to be cross-examined and
excoriated with all the same seriousness
that we would apply to a
conventional male religious leader and
maybe
more precisely because it is bundled up
in this appealing secular and sexy
package hitomi mochizuki sells an
app where she will guide you
through meditation sam harris
sells an app where he will guide you
through meditation hitomi mochizuki's
preaching of meditation deserves to be
criticized cross-examined excoriated
with all the same seriousness that i
myself have applied in past videos
to the teaching of sam harris
and yet if we're being honest if we had
to choose between the two of them
which one is more dangerous is it the
form of
watered-down hinduism for white people
represented by sam harris
or watered down hinduism for white
people peddled by hideo
suki i would say hitomi's version is
much more dangerous
and why precisely because she's offering
people
a way out of their suffering precisely
because she is presenting it
in this narrative form where she's
talking about her
own escape her running away from her own
demons whether that be
eating disorder suicidal thoughts
her family struggles and it is wrapped
up
in this seemingly secular sexy package
hitomi mojuzuki youtube's
tragic beauty most of you clicked on
this video
thinking i was just going to call her
dumb
the problem is that what she's doing
here on youtube is not just dumb
it's dangerous i mean really people like
to disrespect my crew but the fact is
that you know my name and i don't know
you